 "That is all, Maggie. she demanded. Maggie, put this man out." the woman again demanded. he asked. "Indeed I do," the woman replied. Words are unnecessary to me. "You did!" "No, madame, it is not. the woman exclaimed. "The favor of silence. she gasped. "Calm yourself, madame. the woman's face showed her perplexity. "Heavens, no!" "Stop, stop," the woman pleaded. "But you know it all, madame. "I was, I was," and the woman buried her face in her hands. she asked in a hoarse whisper. Why, he is with me night and day. "What about the girl, your daughter?" the man questioned. But I know better now when it is too late. the man asked. "Then, madame, it is better for you to remain in ignorance. "No, not now." the woman asked in amazement. "For silence. "Indeed I will, providing you make it worth while. she at length found voice to ask. "Heavens, no! Tell me quick, and let us get through with this painful interview." "Why, you are a scoundrel, and nothing less." "It might be for some, but not for you, Mrs. Randall. I understand that you are one of the largest tax-payers in this city, and in your own name at that. "Here, take this," she ordered, "and leave the house at once. Somebody is coming." she demanded. "Oh, it's you, Jess, is it?" the woman languidly asked as she lifted her head. But I am not feeling well to-night. Her eyes at once rested upon the stub of the cigarette lying upon the grate where Grimsby had thrown it. "Somebody has been here annoying you," she cried, turning impulsively to the woman. she at length asked, without looking up. "Worse, mother. "Neither have I, mother." "Indeed I was not. You know as well as I do that I wish to have nothing to do with that man. "Now, look here, Jess," she began, "I want no more of this nonsense. the girl asked. "I can hardly believe it possible that you are willing to barter your only daughter for such baubles," she indignantly replied. her mother asked. Merton's." "I didn't want to. "As Lady Donaster, of course. "But I am not a young girl, remember, mother. "But you have not been trained for that, so what can you expect to do?" You know not what it means to earn your own living. You must give it up at once." You seem to have lost all confidence in your parents' judgment." "Not all, mother. But I know how you interfered with the boys' welfare, and look how they have turned out. she asked herself. "Leave me alone now," she ordered. Your father will have to take you in hand. "Tut, tut. "Indeed I do not." Tell me. There, you now know the truth, and so you can say and do what you like. "I didn't know they were there." "Thought ye was walkin' into a parlour, I s'pose." the girl suddenly and somewhat anxiously asked. But ye must have had some mighty good reason fer comin' down them steps the way ye did. "No, no; it's not so bad as that. "But I think it's fine," the girl replied, "and I know you will let me stay here for a while. "H'm, queer work you'd do in them dandy togs. "Who is Martha?" the girl asked. "Oh, she's me wife, an' runs things ashore. "Sure. An' Eb's me son. the girl asked, unheeding the captain's warning. "Sailing, of course." "Oh, I wish it would blow a gale," and the girl looked anxiously around. "But I can't get ashore, Captain." he asked. "No, no," and the girl's face crimsoned. Oh, I wish I could tell you all, but I can't. he growled. the girl suggested. I guess ye don't know Martha as well as I do. Her eyes were wide with a nameless fear, and her face showed very white where the light of the bracket-lamp fell upon it. "Don't, don't send me away," she pleaded. she coaxed. "Yes, pay," and the girl smiled. There, you must not object, for I have made up my mind, so it's no use for you to say a word. he growled, as he stood staring upon the wreck. Guess I'm losin' me senses." "Sure, sure; yer sartinly right thar, Miss. "I kin hardly explain," he at length replied. "Perhaps you have not brought him up right, Captain." "Why, Miss, we've done nuthin' but bring that boy up. "Sure, why shouldn't I? the girl asked. "No, not as much," was the reluctant confession. "An' you only a young gal, too." "But I am old in experience, and know what I say is true. "It's only Eben. "Keep out of thar," he ordered. Let me go; I'm most starved." he growled. "Sure, sure. "Good morning," she greeted. the girl questioned, while her eyes sparkled with merriment. "But I wasn't lookin' upon you as a cook, fer I had no idea that ye understood anything about a kitchen." Just sit down, and try this egg-on-toast, and this coffee. the girl smilingly asked. she gasped. "Sure, thar are several boats not fer from here now, an' the men in 'em seem mighty excited. "No, no," the girl protested, rising to her feet. "What am I to do, then? "Indeed they're not," the girl emphatically declared. "Be careful, if ye don't want to be seen, Miss," the captain warned, as the girl stood, on one of the steps and cautiously peered out. "It's only a short distance off. "Sure. she asked in a low voice. "Oh, yes, they've gone back to look fer you. "I suppose I should," the girl thoughtfully replied. "But under the circumstances I can't. "About you marryin' that Lord Fiddlesticks?" "Yes, though that is not his name." the girl asked. "I was expectin' something like that, Miss. "No, not at all," the girl laughingly replied. "I can get along nicely with what you have here. "Oh, I don't mind, as fer as I'm consarned. "I was," the man replied. "Ye do, eh? "But I want to help with the search." "So I supposed," was the drawling response. "Oh, I didn't mean to offend you," and the young man retreated a few steps. "I'm all upset this morning over Miss Randall's disappearance, and so am hardly responsible for what I say. Let me have your boat, will you? the young man impatiently asked. "Guess ye kin make out the writin'." he asked. "Why, what's on the list, Ezry?" "No, never looked at it. "Sure, ye can see for yourself. But fer the love of heaven, isn't there anything on that list ye do keep? Tell me quick, fer I can't stay here all the mornin'." "Nor that, nor that, nor that," the storekeeper continued. Let me see." "All right, put 'em in; it's all the same to me. "Hello, John!" "I didn't know it was you. "Perhaps a rest will do you good, Captain. You have been shopping, I see? "Oh, it was merely a surmise on my part," and the young man smiled. "Seems not," was the quiet reply. "Perhaps they are not searching in the right place. So long. "Come on down," the girl invited. "But I am afraid." "What are ye afraid of?" "Those men in the boats, of course." "Yes." "Oh, I saw ye last night headin' fer the 'Eb an' Flo.'" Suppose you come down and I'll give you something more. "Lucky ye did," Eben replied, as he broke the shell. "Say, it's great havin' you here. "Only Jess. "I like it already. "Mebbe it is, an' mebbe it isn't. "Dunno, 'cept it's me make-up. Girls are too fussy fer me, so I like to keep out of their way." "But you came my way this morning, though," the girl smilingly reminded. "Oh, I wish a strong wind would blow," the girl fervently exclaimed. Eben replied. "But I think we'll git a breeze when the tide comes up, an' then we'll show ye what this old tub kin do." Eben asked. "No, not that. "No. He thinks it's all nonsense. the girl asked. "Indeed I should," was the interested reply. "You didn't even show them to your parents or sister?" the girl asked in surprise, as she looked upon the first drawing presented to view. "Indeed I didn't. It riles one all up." "I did, Miss. "Oh, it would be great! she gasped. he demanded. he exclaimed. I asked him to come." This is certainly a great hiding place." "I didn't mean to frighten ye. the girl asked. Oh, say it wasn't that man." "Yes, Miss, he came along in a car an' tried to pump me dry with his queer questions. "Guess the breeze has come at last," he remarked. "It should be a big blow after this long calm. "Oh, I shall be so thankful," the girl declared. "Here, take this wheel fer a minute," he ordered. For the first time in her life, Jess was in command of a vessel, and a delightful thrill swept through, her as she watched, the full-swelled sail, and listened to the ripple of the boat as it cut through the water. "Perhaps he does take an interest in things he likes," the girl suggested. It's too fer out, blamed if it isn't. "Yes, an engineer. He has a great liking for that, and the drawings he has made are remarkably good, considering that he has had no one to teach him." "No. You have misunderstood the boy, and he has been doing this work on the sly. "Yes, providing you will let me. "Guess I'll have to talk this over with Martha," he at length announced. "Mebbe ye could, Miss," and the captain gave a deep sigh. "But I can't hold out much hope. the girl asked. "Oh, I see!" "They might think I'm not exactly straight; is that it?" "Mebbe they might, an' that would make it hard fer me an' Eben." "They might, Miss, but I don't like to face 'em. But I am not going to worry about that now. "Git into the cabin," he ordered. Hustle. But ye needn't go all the way down, Miss. she at length asked. "Allus, Miss. "Tut, tut, Miss, don't ye bother about that," the old man replied, as he gave the wheel a vigorous yank to the right. he growled. "I'm all het up. Why, his face brightens the instant she speaks to him. It's only nat'ral, I s'pose. It'd be great to have her fer a daughter-in-law. But as they advanced, he felt more at ease, and readily answered all of her questions. Jess asked, as she looked up the track which ran through a forest of small trees. "Yes, and why not? "It's the truck comin'," Eben explained, at the same time laying his hand upon the girl's arm and drawing her off the track. he groaned. "Come on." Suppose the men were dead! Jess asked, hurrying to his side. "Never mind me," the man replied. I was pitched clear." Go for him, quick." the young man asked. Let me take you back to the boat." "No, no," was the low reply. Oh, do what you can for him at once." "They must have known each other before by the look of things." John was talking to Jess in a most earnest manner, and the look upon the girl's face was one of intense happiness. the other asked. "To the hospital, I guess. "Say, Eben," he began. "Mebbe it will, an' mebbe it won't." "Eben." "Say, Eben, it was too bad that gal got hurt last night, wasn't it?" "Sure, sure, I guess yer right. "I didn't say I know nuthin'. "Oh, shucks! Nobody told me, but I know jist the same. "Seems to me," he mused, "that I've been tryin' to raise Eben without considerin' enough the great Stone of help. "H'm, don't ye lie to me, Sam'l. "I was in a great hurry, Martha, an' had to git the wind when it served. Your father seems to have lost his tongue all of a sudden. "Indeed ye have, Martha. Ye've done yer duty, all right." "Sure, sure, ye have, Martha. Ye done yer duty to them, too." she asked. he asked himself. "I suppose the cabin's in a terrible mess." "No, no, Martha, it's in great shape," he hastened to assure her. "Then it must be in great shape, Sam'l. Her eyes blazed with anger as she glowered upon the two abashed ones before her. "You can't deny it, Sam'l," she charged, at the same time pointing an accusing finger straight at his face, "I can read you like a book. You can't deny it." "No, not in the face of this," and Mrs. Tobin again held forth the comb. Guess Eben is, too." "I'm afraid you're lying, Sam'l. "Blamed if I know. she asked. "Yes, ma." "No, ma, we didn't." This is a very serious matter, and I need Flo's advice. "But you kin talk all right, Martha, even if ye can't think," the captain retorted. Come on, Martha, let's go." For the first time in his life he felt a deep pity for his father as he thought of the stern inquisition he was no doubt undergoing. "Guess I'd better lower the sail. the former asked. "Guess so," was the reply. he asked himself. he asked. Eben retorted, now more angry than ever. You clear out of this." he asked. "Come on, Bill," Donaster ordered. "I suspected she was here." "Come up an' I'll brain ye," he roared. "Here, none of that, you fool," he cried. "Come up an' I'll show ye. "Jist stay where ye are," was the reply. But, heavens, the storm's upon us!" "Never mind what's wrong. Git a move on." "Come on," Eben commanded. "Follow me." Now, pull fer all yer worth." "Now come over here," Eben again commanded. he at length called out, just after he had taken another tack for a long run across the river. I'm sick of it." Eben queried. You know, don't you?" "No, ye didn't. "But she's dead, isn't she?" Own up now, like a good fellow." "No, she never did. "Why, we're almost to the city!" he exclaimed. "Sure. "But I see it hung fast all right." "An' a wonder it did," Eben replied. "Come with us. This is our only chance. Hustle." "Leave the fool if he doesn't want to come," he growled. "Gabriel Grimsby," he said to himself, "you hold the trump-card all right this time. But, hello! here comes the sucker." he demanded, "and how dare you come here?" Impudence, do you say?" Patience is a great virtue, sir. "Go slow, young man, go slow." There, now, keep cool, and do as I say. he demanded. "No, ye can't, young man, and that's why I'm here. You can't marry Miss Randall without my assistance. "I'm afraid it is. "Why? Oh, that's quite clear. You see, I am an only son, so the title will come to me. You can readily understand how anxious her parents are for the consummation of the marriage." "A large sum, I suppose." "Yes, quite satisfactory to me. "That is my intention. "Why, what do you mean? "H'm, you needn't worry about that. Just you wait." Your father is a shoemaker in the State of New Jersey. he gasped, "how did you learn all this? Who are you, anyway?" "Never mind who I am," and Grimsby smiled with satisfaction. "You know what I say is true." "Don't, don't tell them! For the love of heaven, keep this a secret. "What am I to do, then?" Keep silent." "Sure. "Leave that to me, sir. "H'm, don't ask me how I find out about things. You know him, then?" "He told me he didn't." "Ah, he'd tell you that. I'm hard up. You can't do much without money these days. My, that seems a fortune to me. "Never mind where I got it," he warded. It's even necessary for me to be on my guard. "About fifty dollars." Make up your mind, and be quick about it." "We are getting along nicely now, are we not? he asked, "You'll sign that, of course. he at length asked. "Leave that to me." "But I want you to do more than find her." "Yes, you must do more than find her. You must arrange matters in such a way that she will need help, see?" You must arrange things in such a manner that she will think I am her rescuer from great peril. You see, I am not at all sure of her, even though she should be taken home. Leave it to me. "I am." Good night. "Hello," he accosted. "Thought I was never coming, I s'pose?" "Guess yer in time fer dinner, Gabe," he replied. "Indeed I am. "No, Flo cooked that. he asked Eben, who was standing at the wheel. "Naw. I tried it once, but it made me sick. Dad licked me fer it, too." It pays. Eben reached over, and handed the grip to Grimsby. "Y'bet. "Then, it'll have to water. Eben asked. "No, no, no, not for my wife this time, Eben. She's up river now, and I'm going to see her. "She is?" You look scared." Eben asked. "Oh, yes, she's a great friend of mine. But as he glanced at the boy he saw not the slightest sign of suspicion upon his face. "Guess it'll he some wedding," he ventured. Eben asked. "Why, don't you know? "Oh, I know everything. He thinks that I'm going to help him out." There, now, don't get excited. It's only natural. "From your actions, boy. Between him and her there was a vast gulf, and he knew it. "Keep Donaster from getting her," came the answer. "Say, Eben, I was almost asleep. "Thoughts, boy, thoughts. "I suppose so, but I didn't want to. he queried. "Seems so. Suppose we try it, boy. It'd be great fun, wouldn't it?" he exclaimed, much excited. "An idea, an' we kin work it, too. "Out with it, then." "Sure. I guess everybody knows about it. I understand it's good coal, too." "Keep to your story, Eben." Oh, it'd be great fun." "But you'll have to do it, Eben. "To-morrow, I guess. You git Donaster, an' I'll take him out. "Guess you'd better let me off at my own shore," he remarked. "I did intend to. Busy, I suppose?" "Very. My, it's hot!" he panted, as he again wiped his brow. "Come up on the verandah, Gabriel. he exclaimed. Just rest yourself. This is certainly restful after that long walk. "What are you doing these days, Gabriel?" "She is the only daughter of Randall, the big lumber merchant. So you see, madame, money isn't everything, is it?" "About twenty, so I understand. And very pretty, too. "I suppose John will know more about the affair when he comes home. Help yourself to the doughnuts, Gabriel." "Thanks, madame. "No. "What a big, fine-looking fellow he is getting to be, madame. "Yes, John is a good boy, Gabriel. "I suppose he's doing something with that coal mine, too." "It's the mine that took him to the city. "I suppose not," was the somewhat slow reply. You have a daughter, haven't you?" she gasped. "It's true, though, isn't it? There, now, don't get so worked up. You seem to take my simple question very much to heart." she asked herself. You have a daughter, and it is concerning her that I am here." "Yes, madame, you understand now my business. "Quite true, madame. "Ah, madame, dead to you, perhaps, but not to others. she asked. "Oh, now I do remember. "She is, unfortunate for her." "Yes, yes, too long! "But you have stood it well all these years, madame." "You think so, do you? "No, no, no!" the woman declared. If alive, she is a young woman now. "None at all. Your wife must know, anyway." she asked in a voice scarcely above a whisper. "I didn't say that, madame. And, besides, she wouldn't want to come. Suppose she should find out that you are her mother, what would she think if she learned how you sold her for money when she was a helpless baby? "Stop, stop! "No, madame, you are mistaken. "Oh, not at all. There, now, madame, keep calm. Don't get excited. "Heavens, man! "No, no; it must not be mentioned. she asked. "Gabriel Grimsby! Her eyes dropped, and, her face flushed. "You understand, I see," he continued. "That is the only thing, madame, which will cause me to keep your secret." "No, no! Tell me quick, and let us get through with this terrible business." "Indeed I shall. Just wait a minute." she gasped. "Leave at once!" He waved in reply, and then hurried on his way. he asked. "I was afraid something had happened to you." "I was unavoidably delayed, mother. He put me off as usual." "Oh, yes. "That is out of the question, John," and Mrs. Hampton sighed. "Why, what have you heard, about his daughter, mother?" "Gabriel Grimsby. You met him, did you not?" "Indeed I did, the rascal. "Not very much. it is very sad. You must have heard of it, John, and whether they have found her body." John was listening intently to every word, at the same time watching the "Eb and Flo" bearing steadily up river. "Why, it's five o'clock!" he exclaimed. "But you must have some supper first, dear. Just wait, it will not take me long." I guess to-morrow will do, as I have not time to-night." John was in excellent spirits and ate heartily. You can get along, can you not? she asked. Just you wait." "No, no, John, it won't trouble me one bit," Mrs. Hampton hastened to assure him. Leave it to me. "Yes, that's the place. And thank you very much, mother. "Why, Mrs. Tobin, what's the matter?" "Who have left you, Mrs. John asked. "You think so, do you?" Don't get so excited. It is terrible!" "That is just what I do fear," Mrs. Tobin replied. Tobin." "Indeed I am, and no one knows it as well as I do. she asked herself over and over again. "No, nothing so far as I know. John is a fast driver, anyway." she at once began. "Now, look at me. "I suppose she does," and the girl sighed. Mother's method of goodness rubs me the wrong way. he asked. "A woman. "All right, John, I shall be down in a few minutes." John was kneeling by her side, with his right hand in hers, and his eyes fixed lovingly upon her face. he cried, leaping to his feet. Here she is, and she wants to meet you." Her own daughter, and yet not her own. But all in vain. "Go on, if ye want to. he shouted. Ha, ha, that's a good one." "Hold your tongue, Sam'l." You haven't been drinking, have you?" "I was just over there, and saw things for myself. "Who is she, for pity's sake? "Neither did I, mother. They seem to be so happy. "Oh, yes, I found that out. "Come on, an' let's have supper," he ordered. "But I care," his wife retorted. "Sure, sure, I don't mind how many combs ye leave, so long as yer mother lets me alone afterwards." "Indeed you won't stay, Sam'l. You're going, too. You haven't seen Mrs. Hampton for some time, and it's good for you to be neighbourly. So hurry up with your smoke, and then get ready." "You're getting more obstinate every day, Sam'l Tobin. "Sense, Martha, jist common sense. May I, mother? You and daddy go to Mrs. Hampton's without me." "Indeed you'll do no such a thing," her mother sharply replied. "But I don't want to drown myself, mother. "And his wife, Sam'l, was old Silas Parks' daughter. "Yes, an' I guess she's worth more to-day, Martha. "Coal, ha, ha. It's too fer from the river. He's not much at farmin'." So, hurry up and get ready. "It strikes me jist right. The music and singing suddenly ceased as the visitors entered, and an expression of annoyance swept for an instant over John's face as he turned and saw Mrs. Tobin standing in the doorway. "Excuse us for interrupting you," the latter began, "but we thought we'd make a neighbourly call to-night since Sam'l's home. But as they had come, she had to make the best of it. This is Miss Bean, Mrs. Tobin. "Excuse me, Miss," she apologised. "I didn't intend to hurt you. Come here, sir. John was well aware why the captain wished to get out of the house. "Sure, sure, Miss, I'll take ye," the captain replied, much delighted at her action. "Oh, I am sure Mrs. Tobin won't mind," Jess assured. And, besides, I'm quite young." "My, oh, my!" "Oh, I guess the world will wag along for some time yet," John laughingly replied. "Sam'l, Sam'l," his wife protested. But fer pity sakes, cut out the 'Day of Wrath.' "Guess the Day of Wrath's comin', Martha, sooner than ye expected," he chuckled. "Oh, oh!" she moaned. he gasped. Oh, Lord!" And as he lay there he kept his eyes fixed in the direction of the river, catching brief glimpses of the "Eb and Flo" as she tugged hard at her anchor. "Oh, Lord!" he groaned. "Guess I'll have to spend the night here," he muttered. Guess I'll sing 'em over agin. Again he called, and the light suddenly stopped. Why, you were soaked to the skin." "Indeed you might. "But I didn't, so what's the use of worryin' about things that didn't happen. "Mebbe he will, Martha. "Oh, I guess we'll pull through somehow. Their presence annoyed him. he asked himself. he shouted, as soon as his wife entered the room. She stood for a few seconds, looking up and down the river. "Sunk; no. "Pretty bad, Martha. "I kin rest in peace now. "Perhaps it was never lowered," his wife suggested. "Mebbe so, Martha. "I was just reading about that poor girl who drowned herself," Mrs. Tobin explained. "I was almost frightened out of my senses when I saw you last night." the girl pleaded. "Why, don't you know?" John wanted to have a search made at the quarry in order to find the one who did it. I was afraid it would make too much talk, and it might get into the papers." "Git married." "Indeed it did. "Ah, that's all right, Miss. "In fact, he hasn't even asked me to marry him." he growled. An' no wonder. "Sure, sure, Martha. Yer quite right. Flo asked. "Yes, yes, it does say thar were two men, who left in a motor-boat," the captain replied. Read it all over agin, Martha." her father asked. "Then it's her, Flo. she asked herself over and over again. she asked. "Oh, yes. Jess asked. "It is, but how did you guess it?" "Oh, I was young once, and understand such things," Mrs. Hampton smilingly told her. The music of the birds, and the hum of bees sounded in her ears. "Why, Hettie!" You look tired out. "No, no, I mustn't sit down," the visitor replied, as she glanced apprehensively around. If he does, it won't be well for him." "Indeed he will do no such thing, Hettie. "Drink this, dear, and try some of my cake. she asked, as the visitor replaced the glass upon the tray. "Why, what is this?" she asked. "Oh, Gabe was boasting about it to me. "In the city, where he likes to be, instead of staying home and attending to his work. He's not only a villain, but lazy as sin." she asked. "He told you about it, though." "Ah, that's different. He knows that I understand all about it. If he does, he won't get any more money. "I should say he does. "The very one. she asked. Oh, what would I not give to undo that terrible deed I committed! "No, not to my knowledge. You have heard the news, I suppose?" "Yes. "In a way I suppose they do. I admire her for what she did. It is too long a walk." "But I must. "In the city, so I believe." So you must stay. Come, let me take off your hat." "So do I. "They may find me, but they cannot make me go back. "Excuse me," he apologised, "but I could not help it. Oh, tell me so!" "Yes, John, I do love you," Jess slowly replied. John asked. John insisted. "You're not going to leave, Jess. You must stay right here." Good for him. And won't you, Jess? We can get married, and then no one can take you from me." Jess remained silent for a few minutes, with her face turned to the river, shimmering in the glow of eventide. "We are both young yet, so there need be no hurry. No, we must wait. "You cannot do that, Jess. You have been well educated, but what could you do to earn enough to live upon? You have always had plenty of money for all your needs; you have led a sheltered life, so you cannot understand the struggle it would mean to go out into the world to battle your own way. "What am I to do, then?" the girl asked, in a despairing voice. John was thinking rapidly, and at last he turned to the girl with the light of a new idea shining in his eyes. We have a nice cabin there, which father built. You see, we have a coal mine on the shore of the lake, and that is why father built the cabin. she asked. "Oh, I shall live there, too, part of the time," John laughingly explained. "She likes to see us happy, and she understands." "Why, it is Eben!" "Come on up, Eben," Jess invited. Jess asked, shrinking back in fear. he cried. "Oh, I see," and John laughed. the girl asked. Come down to the river, and let me bathe your wound. "It might have finished me, though. "But you wouldn't try to kill a man, would you?" she asked. John was kneeling close to the water now, and the girl was bathing his wound. "She is as good as any doctor or nurse." she called. "A stick struck me, mother. he asked, turning toward the visitor. "Not this evening, John. You and Jess go." "But I feel that I must get on my way as soon as possible. You have heard about it, I suppose. Gabe is in a class by himself, and I am sorry for you. Her mind was in a tumult. The smooth surface of the river caught and reflected the glory of departing day, while the trees along the shore stood clearly silhouetted against the silent river. the man asked. "That is strange, madame, very strange. "That is quite true, sir. he growled. "What am I to do?" "That is the only thing I can do, I suppose," and the man sighed. "But, by the way, where is your son now? she asked herself. he asked. "Indeed I don't," was the emphatic reply. We can go at once before Randall comes back." "You lock up, mother," he said. We can explain everything to Jess on the way." "What a funny name!" the girl replied. Jess asked. "We are here at last," he explained. You see, it is not far across." "What a delightful place!" Oh, I am so glad we have come." John was happy, too, and as he looked upon the bright, animated face before him, he longed to live there in the woods the rest of his life, if only he might have the one who was so dear to him always by his side. "I'm sartinly proud of ye, Eben. his mother asked. he asked. "Yes, and he's right in there," Flo replied, motioning to the dining-room which opened off the little hall. "Yes, all that's left of him," was the reply. "I should say not," was the impatient retort. "Keep calm, Martha. Keep calm," he advised. "I am not in the habit of allowing people to speak to me in such a manner," he declared. "I can make you pay dearly for your impudence. Thar, now, don't git riled. "You lie, Captain Tobin. "What are ye doin' here if yer so sartin about the matter?" She suggested that I go to the quarry and make inquiries, which I did. and he turned to his wife. I admire her for what she did." "No, Martha, I did not," was the emphatic reply. "Yes, Martha, I did." "Go ahead, Mister, go ahead. "Oh, I shall sing out, all right. "No, Sam'l," was the quiet reply. "I was really afraid to, Martha," he confessed. "But I was wrong. "It's only me," Eben explained. was the curt query. "Eben, the captain's son." I'm in a hurry. he roared. "Y'bet I do." "All right, then, get in," and Randall pushed open the door. "Oh, I know. "Guess it's about the only place John 'ud take her. "It should. Why, ye kin buy what ye like." "You're right, boy, you're right. "Mebbe, I know," Eben replied. "It is. "Why? "Yes, John has a good one." he mused. Eben asked, bending over her. "Yes, yes," the woman wailed. "He hit me, and kicked me out of the house." "Gabe, of course. "Yes I did," was the surly reply. Get out of this." he wailed. "Fer God's sake, let up." Take that, an' that, an' that." "Be careful what you are doing." "But you mustn't do it. "No, no," the woman protested. "Indeed I won't," Eben agreed. "But she provoked me," Gabe defended. "You're a liar," his wife charged. "I didn't have to, Gabe Grimsby. Eben asked in surprise. he queried. "Naw, he hasn't found her. He knows where she is." "Oh, it's no use tellin' you. But come along outside, an' we'll talk this matter over. "Oh, I shall have no trouble, mother," John assured, her. "But I don't like to leave you two here alone. John queried as he looked lovingly upon the girl's bright, animated face. "Indeed we shall," Jess smilingly told him. "But you would not want us to mope around all day, simply because you are not with us, would you? the woman asked. "I suppose he is, but we are all anxious about him. Down to the city, I suppose?" he growled. John was greatly puzzled. he asked. John asked. the man repeated. "Leave me here and save yourself. Hurry up. he demanded. "But I didn't lure your daughter away from home. "You lie," Randall shouted. "Leave me alone," was the angry retort. Get out of my sight." This he must find out, and at once. he cried. "See, see; there it is!" he cried. Ob, save me! And as he did so, he saw several men hurrying toward him. he asked. "You know him, then?" John queried. "Hen. "Yes, all that's left of him. "Not if he stays here," was the emphatic reply. Mother's there." John was the first to speak. "You look after Randall," he ordered. Again he called, but received no reply. And as he looked, a new hope seized him. he asked himself. he groaned. "Oh, God! "What a lovely place this is!" Jess asked, as she came and sat down by Mrs. Hampton's side. the girl asked, as she looked across the water. "I understand there is. "What a shame!" Jess declared. "Oh, yes. Jess asked. He has plenty of money, and so has mother." "We found him so, at any rate. But come, dear, let us not talk any more about this. "I did not notice it before." "What a black cloud that is over there," Jess replied. "Why, it looks like smoke." "But we are safe here on this island, are we not?" "What are we to do, then?" the girl asked. "Perhaps John will come and take us off," Jess suggested. Jess asked. the girl cried, clinging now to Mrs. Hampton. We can wade out as far as we can, and may be able to escape much of the heat of the flames." And as they looked, they beheld the form of a man leaping, so it appeared to them, right out of that wall of fire. she cried. Jess cried. "On board, quick," he ordered. But even now they were not beyond danger. The smoke, too, was blinding and suffocating. "Guess we're in time." I struck it right," he panted. "It's the mine. "Guess the fire can't reach us now," Eben remarked. "Why, he was comin' here, of course. "To see you, I guess." "H'm, he found out all right. He thinks a lot of you, he sure does." Jess asked. "Oh, I didn't mind. He's no good." Eben tried to smother the groan, but in vain. "Be careful of yourself, and keep out of the fire," Mrs. Hampton warned. Jess replied. "Oh, yes. "I didn't see him at all, and when we went down to the boat in the evening he wasn't there. I asked for him, and one of the workmen said he had run away when he saw us coming. Jess asked in an awed voice. "And his hands, arms, and body!" Jess replied. Oh, what are we to do?" "Perhaps John will soon be here," Jess suggested. Suppose we wait for a while. You cannot walk to the river." "I can do more than you imagine," was the quiet reply. she murmured. "You did it all for us, and we can do nothing for you now." "Perhaps he tried to reach us and was caught by the fire!" You watch by the poor boy. "Look, look!" she cried. "Somebody is over there. he shouted. "But we want help." "All right, I'll be there in a minute." he panted. "Why, it's Eben Tobin!" And as he knelt there, the boy moaned and his body trembled. "Oh, let me help you," Jess pleaded. "Make some use of me." "But you will get soaked, and your clothes and hands dirty," John replied. I guess we can find them over there," and he motioned to his left. John was facing her, and at times their eyes met. she asked when he had finished. she sighed. He has been needing it for some time." John asked. "Perhaps your father will be more angry than ever, and blame you for his trouble." "I am not afraid now," was the low reply. But even if he does, it won't matter to me. was the smiling reply. "Perhaps I have my troubles, too," was the quiet response. "But I try to keep busy and not worry too much about them. But I, oh, you have no idea how I have sinned. "I should say there is," was the emphatic reply. "We did, we did, fools that we were." "I suppose you will let her choose for herself after this?" "The man she wishes to marry, do you mean? I'm satisfied, if you are. he asked. "No, no, I am not sick. John is your own real son, and Jess is my daughter. There, now you know the truth." she demanded. Tell me, quick." "John is your son, and Jess is my daughter." he demanded. she asked herself. he asked. We have sinned, but we have suffered. "I was afraid, Henry. "But I have changed a great deal since then. But I know now, so that makes all the difference." "I suppose I do," was the reply. But I am not your father any longer, remember." "Oh, yes you are," and the girl smiled. "Be careful, be careful what you say, Jess. "That is good. Jess asked. "Somewhat better, I guess," was the reply. "I'm sick of it." Jess asked. "I mean it," Jess insisted. "Indeed I am not. Guess I might as well close up bizness, too." "Guess we'll have to see Martha an' Flo, Miss. "Tut, tut, Eben," his father chided. "At the quarry, you mean?" Jess asked. "Yes, that, an' the stick on the shore. The devil got into me, I guess." "Indeed I will," the latter agreed. We can never repay you." Jess asked in surprise. "Yes, Miss, I was. I was a big fool, all right." It'd be a fine joke." We can come again." "I suppose I should be," the girl slowly replied. "But I have no father now," was the low response. "But you will have plenty, Jess. Your father, I mean my father. Dear me, I am all mixed up. Suppose I say, 'Our father'? You must be my wife. I asked you once before, and you told me to wait. "I am yours."